Copyright © 2021 TSAPLIN SERGEY

Privacy Policy
The developer has created the Fair Value app as a free app. This Service is provided by the Developer and is intended to be used "as is".
This page is used to inform visitors that no personal data is collected by my Service.

Collection and use of information
The information I request will be stored on your device and will not be collected by me in any way.

Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2021-10-19

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mightyblowgame(at)gmail(dot)com
